# CATH-SM / CAMEO benchmarking

This repo contains benchmarking results of the CATH-SM modeling pipeline
on CAMEO targets from August 2018 to January 2019.

The CAMEO targets were submitted to a version of the that was slightly
altered to allow more than one hit per region, so this has been resolved
to the single "best" hit using `QMEAN4` and `cath-resolve-hits`.

The SWISS-MODEL models are the models that have been submitted
to CAMEO.

The evaluation was also modified to only assess
only the domain part of the target structure. This is justified by the
fact that we are specifically interested in domain modeling, not in
how much a domain actually covers of the target sequence.
The normal CAMEO evaluation, which weights lDDT results by coverage,
would negatively penalize long targets and/or targets with short
domains.


## CATH-SM model overview

There are 752 predicted 3D models from 203 CAMEO target sequences. Each
model has two files:

* JSON file containing the data sent to SWISS-MODEL
* PDB file sent back from SWISS-MODEL

eg

```sh
cameo_models/20180811_00000087_1/20180811_00000087_1.hit1.json
cameo_models/20180811_00000087_1/20180811_00000087_1.hit1.pdb
```

A post-processing script was used to collate these data files and
generate a summary of all hits for all targets.

```sh
python3 ./scripts/process_models.py \
    --in cameo_models/ > cameo_models.allhits.crh
```

The format of this file is:

```sh
target  hit  normalised_qmean4   query_range
20180811_00000087_1 hit1 94.91 10-270
20180811_00000087_1 hit2 97.77 87-139
```

Note: "normalised" QMEAN4 score = QMEAN4 + 100 as the next stage needs
this number to be strictly positive.

We can now use `cath-resolve-hits` to select the best hit per region
and provide a pretty visualisation of the decision making process.

```sh
cath-resolve-hits \
    --html-output-to-file cameo_models.html \
    cameo_models.allhits.crh > cameo_models.besthits.crh
```

## Benchmarking

The benchmarking data (lDDT values) in `benchmark_lddt.csv` was generated by
the following [OpenStructure](https://openstructure.org/) script:


```sh
all_targets=$(ls cathsm_models)
ost ./scripts/benchmark_cathsm.py -o benchmark_lddt.csv $all_targets
```
